hi you guys what's up welcome back to my
channel today I thought it'd be fun to
film a gym shark haul I've done some in
the past but I haven't got one recently
and a robot a bunch of stuff recently so
I thought I could just take you through
a review show you what it looks like on
the petite body and chat about gyms
sharks most recent releases so as you
guys know I'm a huge gym shark fan I
feel like it really just fits the petite
body really well not just because the
length fit but it's the materials they
use like the materials they use can
stretch to fit taller people but at
there like most relaxed fit when you
just put them on and you don't you don't
stretch them that much they fit my
angling perfectly and they always come
up like right right like on a short
ankle cut that's why I love about gym
shark is just I don't have to get
anything tailored it fits me well it
knows that I lift like they know that it
knows that they know that their audience
are women who and men who love to wait
so it's also just perfectly tailored to
the types of workouts I do so I'm always
buying from there I what I typically do
is I buy a bunch of stuff and then I
just returned what doesn't fit me or
what I just don't like if it's like a
color that just doesn't look good with
my skin tone or I just don't feel
confident and I just return it so first
off I am wearing one of the tops from
their seamless collection I want to say
and I did not buy this at first like
when they first released it I was kind
of hesitant
I don't like camo that much I was just
sort of like I'm not a big camo gal you
know so I was like huh I don't need it
but then I kept seeing it on people and
I was like this looks so good so I just
decided to I just gave to you guys and I
bought it and let me tell you it is my
favorite favorite set that Jim shark has
sold to date it fits so nicely when I
show you guys I'll show you in the clips
like how this fits just the top is super
flattering the back is really beautiful
and it stretches so well I don't have
the bottoms on right now but I will put
them on and show you but let's just jump
into it and I'll show you guys
everything that I got as you guys can
tell I've tried on intimate already I
cannot wait when a Jim shark package
comes in the mail it can just make my
day I just don't even I can't we I just
like rip it all over and it's like
Christmas and I just try it on you know
I'm gonna start with Jim sharks flawless
set which I got because orange is one of
the small index colors and it's kind of
like a burnt orange I absolutely love
this it fits really really nicely the
back detail is super beautiful and
unique I haven't seen really a bra like
this before and with this it fits true
to size I always wear I pretty much
always wear an extra small and all Jim
shark clothing and the material is great
it just fits really nicely it's seamless
so there's no weird seams in the front
it kind of just like hugs your body and
contours it really nicely and with this
one actually took the padding out of the
bra usually I keep it in but I just took
out the the insoles in the in the bra
itself because it was creating like this
bump to line when I put it on and it
looks better without it just looks like
a better fit without it so I highly
recommend this they have a few different
colors it fits so nicely and
it just feels kind of like a nice
compressed cloud while you're wearing it
and I love this color so much
moving on to some random tops that I got
my obvious a mess over here I'm sorry
you guys okay so I was in need of some
tops obviously I'm training clients all
day and I need more shirts because I
don't want to just rock a sports bra
around my clients rather be like a
little weird
so I ordered this top justify it
together it's a two-piece so it's a it
has this little camo which is super cute
and it just fits your body really well
and then it comes with this shirt over
it so you wear the camo underneath and
there's a little bow that ties in the
front and it just looks really really
nice I really like the way it fits you
can tie it I like things that you can
adjust on the tees because then you can
kind of cinch the waist up and create
that longer leg look where you have a
hot something high-waisted and then sort
of a cropped shirt and they they I think
they have a couple different colors I
also just love the mesh pattern on this
it's really really nice and the yeah
this is one of my favorite trips that
I've ever gotten from them and I
especially love that it comes with the
camo because you can just wear the camo
on your own and it's it's just really
nice detail that they added okay a
second shirt that I got that I also
already for is this super cute cropped
black top it came with some track suit
pants that I really really wanted them
to fit I really wanted them to fit I so
that this is my little bone to pick with
Jim truck is the only one I have to pick
with them so all of Jim sharks like
legging type clothing I feel like fit
petites really really well they're all
high-waisted for the most part except
for some of their flex flexion and they
they're high-waisted they kind of hug
the body give you some like show off
your curves and everything but their
sweat pants like lifestyle tracksuit II
type pants are enormous
they're so big they don't ever fit me
every single time they release a new
pant line like this lounge or the ones
I'm wearing now that I'll show you
they never I'm always like okay this is
gonna be the one where they actually fit
and the extra small is always way too
big like the waist is too big the butts
too big the length is too big it
literally is like three sizes bigger
than there are extra smalls and their
leggings so that's the only thing I
really really find difficult about Jim
sharks but I always like their tops so
this top was great the pants that I came
with not so great they look really cute
on the website this is them they're like
a tracksuit material got some reflective
lines which is I'm into that it's cool
little see how you've been trying to
roll them up you'll see what I'm trying
them on and it's like a nice it's a nice
material they're like very light and
feel like windbreaker II extra small oh
they don't fit so girls I wouldn't
really recommend this for petite
unfortunately none of those sweatpants
really for petits fit that well maybe
they'll watch this and they'll give me a
break okay next up is one of their exact
outfits that I was just talking about it
is a has a top like a hooded top plus
sweatpants and it has this cute strap
that you can adjust it with the its
fleece the inside like cotton fleece the
inside is so warm and so fuzzy
absolutely adore it I really like the
top I'm still one trying to figure out
if I should keep the bottoms because the
bottoms are just a tad large and I was
thinking I kind of I like the oversized
like Jon batiste I think it can be you
can pull it off and on their website
actually even these sweatpants they're
on a
they sort of style them in an oversized
way like the leg is really long on their
model and they're wearing like chunky
trainer shoes like white v fillos and
that looks cute it's just that they're
gonna drag on the floor and get really
gross so I may keep them just as sort of
like a home lounging set just because
they are so comfortable and I just like
the matching nests of them okay next up
I'm gonna put this matching set this is
from their pastel collection it is a
interesting idea that I've always wanted
to work on me but it just never does so
it's these sort of they're high-waisted
and then a longer crop short and I guess
they are cycling shorts and I really
like the look of like a long cycling
shirt short and a big tee and some
chunky trainers or something I like that
look theoretically but then when it's on
me I just don't I don't know I'm
undecided I'm undecided maybe when I
tried these on I'll feel differently but
something to note about this so even
though they're sizing is usually pretty
consistent this one no it's not at all
this these cycling shorts are so tight
on me I was like spilling out of them is
extra small if I had known it would have
sized up in these also the top is really
tight like maybe I'm like a lean day I
could fit into it and I do fit into it
but it's like not comfortable it's
really really tight so if you do decide
to go for this set size up go to a go
for a small or wherever you're at that
would be my recommendation for these
okay and saving the best for last right
now the amazing camo set I'm in love
with this I wish that they made a non
camo pattern and
it's just made a bunch different colors
because this stuff fits so well the
material is so amazing it's so stretchy
and comfortable it has really really
minimal branding which I appreciate so
much as you can see it just says Jim
shark here and the back the booty has a
butt cinch which I have never bought
leggings that have the little butt cinch
but it looks good you guys I do not hate
it I do not I really enjoy this actually
so this would be my favorite set ever
from Jim shark and I'm pretty pumped
about it as you can see actually I'm
gonna show you guys a couple more things
that I recently bought that I kind of
forgot that I bought all sweatshirts
check it out ok so first off is this
amazing zip up fluffiness it's so
comfortable and it's cropped so it's
super cute like fleecy feel really
really comfortable I wear this every day
even though I try not to it's just
really warm and I was I thought it might
be like cheaper material but it ended up
being really really great and I don't
worry about buying it I definitely this
is something I really loved and that
leads me to one of my other favorite
things that Jim shark has on their site
right now which is this like I call it
my Big Bird hoodie or little bird
and it's just this awesome like very
very thick sweatshirt so they cropped
the front is a little bit shorter in the
back which and I like that look I
appreciate that and the back sort of
turns into the sweatshirt here and it
just fits really nice it's just it's fun
it's bright it's like a statement and
colorful so I love love love love this
piece as well alright you guys let's
everything that I got from Jim shark
this time around if you like this video
please give it a like and subscribe for
more videos I make all sorts of kinds of
videos from fitness educational videos
for petite women tutorials
clothing videos for petite women so if
you enjoyed this please subscribe and I
will see you guys in the next video have
a great day bye
[Music]